Java 3.73.0 Release Notes (#926)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/release-notes.mdx

### Fixed Issues
-->

## 3.73.0 - July 28, 2022

[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.73.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/d36e6a93f11b48bd920453bed2149bd3/1.0/en-US/index.html)

### Compatibility Notes

> - Deprecate modules:
>   - `API Metering`
>   - `API Metering SAP CP Neo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Following modules have been deprecated and will be **removed** with the upcoming release of Cloud SDK version 4:
  - API Metering (`com.sap.cloud.sdk.cloudplatform:metering`)
  - API Metering SAP CP Neo (`com.sap.cloud.sdk.cloudplatform:metering-scp-neo`)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
